The List of Top 10 Most Scamming Countries in the world

1. Nigeria:

Nigeria is at the top of our list of the top 10 most scamming countries in the world, 
with the highest rate of getting scammed. Even in your own country, you’ve probably 
encountered viral or bogus news. In the central bank or a big amount of inheritance 
that is difficult for them to obtain due to government limitations or taxes in their 
nation, they ask for your bank details so that they may transfer the money to you, and 
they will use your information to steal your funds in the process. Stolen credit cards 
were the most common crime in Nigeria, followed by gold sales and online dating, 
confidence fraud, false paperwork and inheritance transfers, fake websites, phoney 
contracts, kidnapping and robbery, and employment scams.

2. India:

It’s nearly impossible to visit India without encountering a scam or someone seeking to 
defraud you. Taxi drivers may try to con you by pretending they don’t know how to get to 
your hotel. They will offer to take you to a more expensive hotel. Importing rubies 
duty-free is another con, especially in the Jaipur region. A gem salesman contacts tourists 
and persuades them to buy some worthless diamonds. You’ll be told to bring them in beneath 
the duty-free threshold, then sell them to one of his fictitious eager partners in their 
home country for much more than they paid.

3. China:

The Chinese are regarded as the world’s most intelligent people. When it comes to internet 
scamming, they are also not far behind. Scammers in China employ a variety of methods to 
deceive their victims. College entrance scams are one of the most well-known. Someone 
convinces a student’s parents that their child can acquire an education even if the results 
are bad.
The second strategy is to say, “I Am Your Husband’s Mistress.” Another approach is to text 
the wives of the husbands with a link to see photographs of herself (mistress) with her 
husband, which the wives promptly click on, and her phone becomes infected with a Trojan
virus, allowing them to acquire passwords and images that they use to blackmail the family.
China is a country with a higher risk of getting scammed than the other countries indicated.
Because it is ranked third among the most fraudulent countries in the world.

4. Brazil:

Brazil is a hotbed for scammers. Brazil has been accused of impersonating gorgeous women 
in order to mislead others. Pickpocketing made a bad image during the 2016 Olympic Games. 
Express kidnappings have also occurred near international currency exchange offices.

5. Pakistan:

Many law enforcement agencies have issued an alert because military frauds are becoming so 
common. Scammers utilise high-ranking officials and act as military personnel on online 
dating sites and social media sites, forming relationships solely for the aim of stealing 
people’s photos, which they then use to fool others.

Scammers are now acting as soldiers stationed in Pakistan, and they’ll figure out a way to 
get you to pay them money. Criminals can also infect your computer with a virus that allows 
them to take anything on it while blackmailing you into sending money.

6. Indonesia:

Indonesia is one of the most beautiful countries on the planet, but it also has a horrible 
reputation for con artists. If you’re planning a trip to Indonesia, keep in mind that you 
can easily be deceived. Scammers in Indonesia are so tech-savvy that they don’t even need 
to know who you are before duping you.

Although Indonesia is the cheapest and closest country to visit from India or Asia, it is 
not a safe destination to pay your bills online, since it is one of the top ten most 
scamming countries in the world.

7. Venezuela:

If we talk about the most scamming countries in the world, or if you choose Venezuela as a 
destination, you may have been a victim of a con artist at some point in your life. However, 
if you are not, or if you are taking time out of your busy schedule to visit Venezuela, you 
may find Venezuelans to be a wolf in sheep’s clothing.

Venezuela’s economy has been in a severe downturn for some time. Since the country’s 
economic collapse, it has been involved in a number of scamming, online dating, and 
fraudulent government bond cases.


8. South Africa:

According to study from the University of Johannesburg’s Centre for Cyber Security, South 
Africans were the most affected by banking-related scams in 2015. Phishing, accessing 
fraudulent financial websites, and receiving false SMS warnings of bank withdrawals or 
payments were the most common events recorded in Gauteng province.

 9. Philippines:

If you are a first-time visitor to a foreign country. The Philippines should not be on 
anyone’s bucket list. People come up to you in the Philippines and claim you appear 
familiar, which is a frequent approach to deceive an unsuspecting person. Then they decide 
to take you on a tour of the Philippines, where you may be robbed later.

Once you’re in the taxi, there are numerous ways to deceive you. Despite the fact that you 
mentioned the destinations you wanted to see. Drivers take the wrong way and demand over ten 
times more than what is available.

10. Romania:

If you are planning a trip to Romania, keep in mind that it is not a romantic destination. 
However, it has always been in the headlines due to a lengthy price drop, poverty, or 
corruption. Romania ranks last on our list of the world’s most scamming countries, or has a 
scamming crime rate that is a drop in the bucket when compared to the rest of the list. But 
be watchful.

If you’re addicted to paying money online or using dating sites. Your chances of being 
deceived or defrauded by Romanians are always higher.